-: Welcome back.
Now we are at the step three of our DevOps use case
and we are going to perform a prerequisite check
before moving onto the next steps.
So the prerequisite check here
is like the applications we are going to implement
as part of this DevOps use case
is a simple engines application
which is fronted with it ALB Ingress Controller
which is nothing but our application load balancer in AWS.
So to have this ALB Ingress Service to run,
it needs the ALB Ingress Controller port to be running.
So if you see here in our course, we have implemented
and continuously using them from section eight onwards.
So from eight we have implemented
the Application Load Balancers and also the external DNS.
So those two things we are going to use everywhere
so that the application, whatever we are going to deploy
looks like a full blown implementation.
So the same cluster, whatever we have implemented,
those things, those things are running here or not.
We just need to crosscheck ourself.
So if not then ALB Ingress Service is not
going to get created and then we are going to have issues.
So that's the reason we have our
prerequisite step here for this one.
So we are going to go to our terminal
and then say UCTL get ports iPhone kube system.
In kube system, you should have ALB Ingress Controller
port happen running, so that's good.
So I can create a Ingress Service now.
In the same way I'll say get ports, kubectl get ports,
will take us to my default name space
external DNS is running.
So which means whenever I create a Ingress Service
and then if I try to register the DNS name
DevOps dot whatever the domain.com.
So it should get registered using Route 53 DNS server.
So all those things are going to happen
as part of our entire implementation.
So now as our things are working good on our cluster,
so we'll go back to our next step,
which is create the ECR repository
for our application Docker images.
So we'll go to Elastic Container Registry
and then create a registry named EKS DevOps engine X.
Okay, so let's go here
and then type for elastic container registry.
Or we can even say ECR and then it'll find us.
Elastic Container Registry.
And once we go there, so in our previous lecture only
we have created this repository, AWS ECR kube engine.
So now also create one more here
which is EKS DevOps engine X.
And I'm going to enable tag and table
and then scan and push both the things.
So this completes the creation of our ECR repository.
So in our next lecture we'll focus
on the code commit repository.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye. Thank you.